#summary List of changes between WGiBeat release versions.

=Version History=

==0.7 (r443) - "Colour-blind Unionist" ==

 * Song total is now displayed in the Song Select screen.
 * Players can now join and leave independently from any screen that has Player Options Frames (mode, team and song select screens)
 (To join if possible, press START. To leave, hold SELECT and press START.) 
 * EXP and player level system for profiles. Player level and EXP bar is shown on Player Options Frames.
 * Depending on player profile level, a player can have up to 300 maximum life. The normal lifebar has been updated to reflect this.
 * Player starting life is depandant on player profile level. 
 * Lifebars now indicate when they are full by having a coloured text background.  
 * Coop mode now has overcharge, and a completely new blazing mode system.
 * CPU players now miss beatlines more beliveably.
 * Momentum increases are now dependant on beatline accuracy (better judgements award more momentum).
 * Player difficulty icons have been updated.
 * Blazing mode now has graphical effects when active (in both Normal and Coop modes).  
 * Improved song navigation by using headings similar to those found in RB2 and RB3. Hold the BEATLINE key and press UP or DOWN to use this during Song Select.
 * Percentages are now displayed in the Evaluation Screen. 
 * The game window can now be changed to higher resolutions (this does NOT mean better graphics, it only stretches the window's contents). Intended for players that play without full screen mode, but have a large desktop.      
 * WGiEdit: Added ability to rewind the song when using a measurement tool.
 * WGiEdit: Added support for AudioStart field.
 * WGiEdit: A song timeline is now displayed in Step 2.
 * WGiEdit: Song validity message now handles multiple lines correctly.
 * WGiEdit: Updated song details display in Step 2.   
 * WGiEdit: Added feature to import individual .sm and .dwi files for editing and conversion.   
 * Bugfix: Several crashes and songs failing to load due to cultural differences have been resolved (thanks to john_reactor for helping with this)
 * Bugfix: Duplicate BPM or Stops definitions no longer cause a crash.
 * Bugfix: WGiBeat no longer crashes when pressing an unmapped key or button on certain screens (thanks to eXeCutor18 for the bug report)
 * Bugfix: On Screen Keyboard now in the correct location for P3 and P4.
 * Bugfix: BPM meter now animates correctly, even with VBR audio files.

==0.65 (r391) - "Executive Dancer" ==
 * Support for .sm and dwi files! Note that the results can vary between perfect and completely unplayable depending on how the particular stepfile was made. Also, there is no support for BPM changes or stops.
 * Option to allow/disallow problematic .sm and .dwi files
 * Song title and artist display in Song Select screen now resize long titles.
 * Small graphics fix to normal life bar.
 * WGiBeat will no longer crash if a song is deleted, then chosen in the Song Select screen. However, it will punish such incidents.
 * Support for multiple song folders defined in settings.txt (separate with '|')
 * Bugfix: Coop lifebar doesn't overflow anymore when full.
 * Bugfix: Main game screen no longer freezes when a song's audio is longer than its length field.

==0.6 (r374) - "Exotic Economist" ==
 * (Includes WGiEdit v1.1)
 * When selecting "Start Game" from the main menu, the player that pressed Start joins automatically in the next screen.
 * CPU players are indicated in beatlines, player options frames and score bars. 
 * Icons are displaed for controller buttons, and controller numbers.
 * Textures are no longer stored as .xnb files, and can be editted normally.
 * WGiBeat now supports themes! Please see [ThemeTutorial this page] for more information.
 * Removed case sensitivity of texture files.
 * The Key Configuration screen has been revamped with revised graphics.
 * Added graphics to Menus, Text Entry and On Screen Keyboard.
 * Updated all heading graphics to use the correct font.
 * Missing textures or metrics no longer cause WGiBeat to crash.
 * Graphics update to evaluation screen (especially the life graph).
 * IIDX style gradual lifegraph entrance.
 * key bindings can now be deleted more individually from the Key Configuration screen.
 * The hits counter flashes when reaching certain milestones.
 * The Log manager has been improved to include datestamps. In addition, the logging level can be changed from the options menu.
 * The Option Screen now has descriptions for each option.
 * A song's audio playback starting position can be adjusted by using the AudioStart field (for songs with very late Offset positions). 
 * Profiles stats can now be viewed from the Stats screen, available from the Main Menu.
 * Internal update on how input is handled in the game. In the best case scenario, this should not be noticable by end users.
 * Externalized explanatory text in Mode Select, WGiEdit and Options to external file.
 * Player numbers are now shown in the Evaluation Screen.
 * Mode select screen now has preview graphics for each mode.
 * WGiBeat now has a unique program icon, which is also now displayed on the created start menu shortcut.
 * WGiEdit: A message is now displayed explaining why is song is marked 'invalid'.
 * WGiEdit: When creating a song, the title and artist are read from the audio file's ID tag.
 * Bugfix - WGiEdit: Missing beatline notes have been resolved in the Tuning step. 
 * Bugfix - WGiEdit: Streaks now reset correctly.
 * Bugfix - Song previews now play correctly when entering song select for the 2nd time.

==0.5 (r290) - "Handicapped Doubt" ==
 * Song audio validation by using MD5. This makes it easier to ensure that the correct audio (.mp3) file is used when playing a song, especially when song files (.sng) are distributed.
 * Song Editor: named WGiEdit. Using WGiEdit, it is possible to create a song file (.sng) from scratch, edit existing song files, or delete them. WGiEdit also features measurement tools for determining a song's offset, length and BPM.
 * A Performance indicator is now displayed during gameplay, which provides a graphical display of a player's beatline accuracy (based on judgement ratings).
 * Bugfix: Playing VS CPU mode with 3 players is now possible.

==0.4 (r255) - "Temporary Laugh" == 

 * New Game Mode: VS CPU Mode. Various skill levels available.
 * CPU Skill levels can be customized by editing the CPUSkill.txt file.
 * Pressing BACK in Song Select Screen returns to ModeSelect.
 * Improved logging. During the start-up process, the initialization of all subsystems are logged. If necessary, additional logging can be added to these subsystems later.
 * "Welcome to WGiBeat" firstrun message.
 * How to play screen for new players.
 * Scalable life graph.
 * Updates to song info display on Song Select screen.
 * Song length displayed on Song Select screen.
 * Profile system. Users can create profiles by entering a name in-game. The profile stores gameplay options such as player name, beatline speed and difficulty. Profiles are optional. 
 * Scrolling Mode Select screen.
 * Bugfix: Playing two songs in a row without aborting no longer causes problems.
 * Bugfix: highscores always having too high grade when playing VS CPU.
 * Bugfix: Song length is now calculated properly.
 * Bugfix: Button presses and releases are now handled properly when using a controller.

==0.3 (r222) - "Delicious Disappointment"==

 * Song list can be sorted by name, artist or BPM (hold the beatline key in SongSelectScreen).
 * Player status/options indicators.
 * Difficulty and Beatline speed can be changed from SongSelectScreen (hold the select key).
 * Name entry. Highscores now save player names as well.
 * Improved Highscore display 
 * Icon for Team mode
 * Tug of war bar for team mode
 * New user-customizable system for menu music. Menu music can now be configured for each screen.
 * Spectrum analyzer in Song Select Screen.
 * Updated layout for Mode Select Screen, which now includes mode descriptions.
 * Song stops if everyone KO'ed
 * Menu music loops now.
 * Options loading has been improved and is more robust.
 * Player Label for beatlines.
 * Initial loading screen for songs, which will display any errors encountered.
 * Enhance song loading - badly written song files, missing audio files and similar errors will no longer crash the game mysteriously.
 * Critical error handling - error message is now displayed and a error dump is written to file.
 * Beatline scaling with 1 or 2 players. Where possible, a "large" beatline is used instead.
 * Menu music crossfades, either to silence, to song previews or to another menu music audio.
 * Team select screen when using Team Mode.

==0.2 (r190)- "Communist Garage"==

 * New game mode: Team Mode
 * Installer that works.
 * Project now licensed by the BSD license.
 * Project now hosted on Google Code.
 * Display subtitle on SongSelectScreen
 * Full screen mode
 * Framerate / smoothness improvement.
 * Prevent coop mode with 1 player.
 * Blocky Life bar, black background. Also implemented for all modes.
 * Resetting keys.
 * Other refactors and code enhancements that should not affect players.