#summary A list of all the songs included in the WGiBeat release and song package.
#labels Documentation

= Introduction =

This page contains a list of all the songs included with WGiBeat, along with links to the respective artists' pages. It is ordered alphabetically by artist. For more detailed licence information, consult the individual licence.txt files that are included in the download packages.

 ===Aaron Musslewhite=== 
 * (http://aaronmusslewhite.newgrounds.com/)
 * Overdrive
 * Retrospect
 * Set Fire to the Rain (Dubstep remix)

===Aylius===
 * (http://www.youtube.com/OfficialAylius) (http://www.facebook.com/Aylius) (http://exotec.newgrounds.com/)
 * Nothing yet... songs coming soon!

 ===Bafana===
 * (http://bafana.newgrounds.com)
 * I Did It Again (Yeah Baby)

 ===DJ-Babokon===
 * (http://dj-babokon.newgrounds.com/) (http://www.facebook.com/DJBabokon)
 * Feel Good Times
 * Revelations
 * Take the Risk

 ===DJ Bjra===
 * (http://krank.newgrounds.com/) (http://www.facebook.com/krankofficial)
 * Hardstyle Nation

 ===DJ Clyme===
 * (http://djclyme.newgrounds.com/)
 * Claw's Revenge (Inspector Gadget Theme Remix)
 * River Flows In You (2012 Remix) _Playable song and menu music in WGiBeat Transcendance_
 * Time To Dance!

 ===DJ-Hectic===
 * (http://dj-hectic.newgrounds.com/)
 * {Mirage}
 * {Translucent}
 * Waveformed
 * Deep Space - Redux
 * {Jumpstart}

 ===DJ Lithorph===
 * (http://lithorph.newgrounds.com/)
 * Like a Boss
 * Unorthodox

 ===Envy===
 * (http://envy.newgrounds.com/)
 * Heaven Rd. 2 (Ng Mix)

 ===F-777===
 * (http://jessevalentinemusic.bandcamp.com/) (http://f-777.newgrounds.com/)
 * Crispyness
 * Not Afraid
 * System Split

 ===!GenocidalToaster===
 * (http://genocidaltoaster.newgrounds.com/)
 * -Velocity- 

 ===K-391===
 * (http://keosni391.newgrounds.com/) (http://www.facebook.com/pages/K-391-FL-Producer/130671810382511)
 * Banana Inc. ~Hands up remix~
 * ~Crazy Bass 2012~
 * ~Electro House 2012~
 * ~Too Complex~ 2011

 ===!OcularNebula===
 * (http://ocularnebula.newgrounds.com/)
 * Remember tha TIME!

 ===Rainwave===
 * (http://rainwave.newgrounds.com/)
 * Pirates of the Night
 * Solar Vision 2

 ===!SkillzMakeKillz & !SenatorJohnDean===
 * !SenatorJohnDean: (http://senatorjohndean.newgrounds.com/) (http://www.facebook.com/johnnydeanmusic)
 * !SkillzMakeKillz: (http://skillzmakekillz.newgrounds.com/)
 * Give a Lil Love

 ===Spaze===
 * (http://exnotic.newgrounds.com/)
 * Who You Are
 
 ===TeHLoY===
 * (http://tehloy.newgrounds.com/)
 * Beyond
 * Daydream (TeHLoY Remix)

 ===Trance Crafter===
 * (http://www.youtube.com/user/trancecrafter) (http://www.facebook.com/trancecrafter)
 * Break Free

 ===Vospi===
 * (http://vospi.com/)
 * 120 Seconds (menu music)
 * Negative Gaming
 * That is Fair
 * Video Out E
 * You Wanna Me

 ===!YourSmile===
 * (http://kirja100.newgrounds.com/)
 * |NiCe Mood|